yeah and DJ the 200 who's that over
there Kenneth Kenneth um who who's the
other guy she is that
skinny
hey is there yeah I swear you look like
the same person let's go let's go I
swear I thought that was Kenan running
again they look like the same boat like
their their form it looks so good like
the same
is that they have to 128 home yeah alex
is running it No it a shot
what's going on yeah let's go get up
there I shot go with that group
what's your camera guy let's garlic he's
too close alex is right behind is too
close alex is too close let's go he look
at you tiny enough don't do it Alex
come on man kick kick kick kick there we
go that's right boy good job nana is
that you se Bona yeah let's go I shot he
caught somebody good job I shot we're
kind of bunny